feat(extmark): support highlighting and querying multiline ranges (#13243)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  "virtual_text" table, which gives users more control over how diagnostic
  virtual text is displayed.

• Extmarks now fully supports multi-line ranges, and a single extmark can be
  used to highlight a range of arbitrary length. The |nvim_buf_set_extmark()|
  API function already allowed you to define such ranges, but highlight regions
  was not rendered consistently for a range that covers more than one line break.
  This has now been fixed. Signs defined as part of a multi-line extmark also
  applies to every line in the range, not just the first.

>   In addition, |nvim_buf_get_extmarks()| has gained a "overlap" option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition, |nvim_buf_get_extmarks()| has gained an "overlap" option to
```

  return such ranges even if they started before the specified position.

> ==============================================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

==============================================================================
```

  "virtual_text" table, which gives users more control over how diagnostic
  virtual text is displayed.

> • Extmarks now fully supports multi-line ranges, and a single extmark can be
>   used to highlight a range of arbitrary length. The |nvim_buf_set_extmark()|
>   API function already allowed you to define such ranges, but highlight regions
>   was not rendered consistently for a range that covers more than one line break.
>   This has now been fixed. Signs defined as part of a multi-line extmark also
>   applies to every line in the range, not just the first.
>   In addition, |nvim_buf_get_extmarks()| has gained na "overlap" option to
>   return such ranges even if they started before the specified position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• Extmarks now fully support multi-line ranges, and a single extmark can be
  used to highlight a range of arbitrary length. The |nvim_buf_set_extmark()|
  API function already allowed you to define such ranges, but highlight regions
  were not rendered consistently for a range that covers more than one line break.
  This has now been fixed. Signs defined as part of a multi-line extmark also
  apply to every line in the range, not just the first.
  In addition, |nvim_buf_get_extmarks()| has gained an "overlap" option to
  return such ranges even if they started before the specified position.
```
